I still do get email asking me for my
advice my guidance my opinion on what is
effective activism sometimes in general
level political theory and sometimes in
terms of giving specific advice for one
person's life you know they describe
what their situation is I got email from
Nicholas sheraton Nicholas wants to get
a depressing it is for him to be trying
to organize meaningful activism on the
University campus well I just want
people glorify campus activism campus
activists with the worst kind of
activism it's depressing of my heart
goes our key necklace that I know he's
writing to me Nene ends this message was
saying you really a previous might they
even time to talk to him because it can
be so bleak and depressing jumpy to
authorize you get active is one of you
were together I feel you man I I hear
you and I feel you I was spending too
much time in university campus myself
anyway a lot of people imagine like the
university campus is this natural
laboratory of ideas whatever these
things should take off has not been my
experience hey maybe the less depressing
to vegan activism at Buddhist temples
maybe a Buddhist funeral parlors guys
that might be a lot that loves
depressing hey vegan prison activism
spent some time in the penitentiary
it'll make the university female all
this depressing don't quote me on that